Welcome to our “Animal farm” project!!! ⸜(｡˃ ᵕ ˂ )⸝♡

In this game you’ll play as a cute farmer rabbit that lives on a farm. The goal of the game is to balance the rabbit’s hunger,
thirst and sleep stats. This can be achieved by making sure the rabbit has food to eat, drinks water regularly and rests.
All the food in the game is planted and harvested by the rabbit itself.

Start the game by running the application!

HOW TO PLAY:

You can move around tile to tile by using the WASD keys. To make the rabbit face in a different direction use the arrow keys.

TOOLS & ITEMS:
In the game, you’ll have access to tools and items to help you take care of your rabbit and the farm!

TOOLS:
Shovel: Use this to turn grass tiles into dirt tiles.
Hoe: Transform grass or dirt tiles into fertile soil, where you can plant your seeds.
Hand: Harvest crops.
To use a tool, select it from your hot bar using keys 1-5 and face the tile you want to interact with. If you want to use your hand, select an empty slot.
Then press E to use the tool!

ITEMS:
Food: Food items can be harvested from crops you grow.
Water: Drink water to quench the rabbit's thirst and keep the stats balanced. Water is also used to water crops.
Seeds: Use these to grow crops! Plant them on fertile soil, water them regularly, and wait for the harvest.
Food and water items are consumed by pressing F.
Seeds are planted by facing a plantable dirt tile and pressing E.

INVENTORY:
Your items and tools are stored in an inventory that you can access by pressing Q. To move the items around in the inventory, first select the chosen item
by pressing E and then move around the inventory slots by using the arrow keys. Press E again once you have reached your chosen slot.

HOME:
Your home is used to replenish your sleep stats. The cozy little hole on the screen is the place where you rest, face in that direction and press E to sleep. ᶻ 𝘇 𐰁

AND LASTLY...
Have fun and relax by playing this game! Remember to keep your rabbit happy and satisfied and make sure to let us know if you have any suggestions
for future updates. We love receiving feedback!  ૮ ∩' ᵕ '∩ ა
